About the job
Paysafe is a leading payments platform with an extensive track record of serving merchants and consumers in the global entertainment sectors. Its core purpose is to enable businesses and consumers to connect and transact seamlessly through industry-leading capabilities in payment processing, digital wallet, and online cash solutions. With 29 years of online payment experience, an annualized transactional volume of $152 billion in 2024, and approximately 3,300 employees located in 12+ countries, Paysafe connects businesses and consumers across 260 payment types in 48 currencies around the world. Delivered through an integrated platform, Paysafe solutions are geared toward mobile-initiated transactions, real-time analytics and the convergence between brick-and-mortar and online payments. Further information is available at www.paysafe.com .

 What to expect: 

 Involvement and contribution to all phases of software development lifecycle – requirements clarification, architecture, development, testing and operations. 
 Work closely with product managers, designers, and other engineers to deliver high-quality software solutions. 
 Freedom to make your own decisions and have your opinion heard in our ecosystem of core platform and hundreds of microservices. 
 Being responsible for some of our most critical pieces of code, which process billions of euro worth of transactions each year. 
 The joy of seeing your work materialize in Production nearly instantly. 
 Share knowledge, teach, or learn from some of the very best engineers in the industry. 
 Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and share best practices with the team. 
 A diverse and tightly knit family of co-workers from all walks of life, each providing their own unique perspective and experience. 
 Encouragement to enhance your skills, as we consider self-improvement a crucial part of the job. 

 Team: 

You'll be part of one Agile team (out of nearly 50), consisting of several engineers; a team that has full ownership of their respective piece of code and functionality and is free to create its own rules that fit into a much bigger process. Our teams are working on some of our leading products, such as our Digital Wallets (Skrill & NETELLER), our Embedded Wallet solution, our Payment Gateway (Netbanx), Paysafecard, as well as various Risk and Compliance functionalities across the board.

 Your Profile: 

 1 years of experience with Java 
 Good understanding with OOP 
 General understanding of microservices architecture 
 Desire to learn and to be challenged 
 Excellent teamwork and communication skills 
 Working command of the English language 
 Good understanding of software testing and infrastructure 
 Experience with UI development, testing practices and infrastructure are considered nice to have 

 We offer in return: 

 The opportunity to write the history of a leading and growing multinational company 
 Tailor-made training and ongoing development to help you enhance your skills in the field of online payments 
 Multiple career progression opportunities in a dynamic in-house business 
 Environment where product expertise, professional and personal commitment are rewarded 
 Competitive remuneration and social benefits package (25 days annual paid leave, 4 days paid volunteering time a year through our Paysafe Giving initiative, health insurance, sports card, team events, company discounts, variety of soft skills, business and technical training programs) 
 Fun and collaborative working atmosphere 
 Flexible working model - we encourage our employees to embrace our flexible working approach. You will be expected to work from home and spend an average of three days a week at our Sofia office as part of our hybrid work model 

Are you ready to take your career to the next level? Join our team that is inspired by a unified vision and propelled by passion.

Send your CV in English.

Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for an interview.

Wondering how our interview process looks like now? Learn more here: https://bit.ly/paysafeinterviews

 Equal Employment Opportunity 

Paysafe provides equal employment opportunities to all employees, and applicants for employment, and prohibits discrimination of any type with regard to ethnicity, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other protected characteristics. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of recruitment and employment. If you need any reasonable adjustments please let us know. We will be happy to help and look forward to hearing from you.